com/example/nwaster/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.nwaster.BuildConfig
com/example/nwaster/databinding/SingleItemBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.SingleItemBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/ActivityStockBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.ActivityStockBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/BottomNavBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.BottomNavBinding
com/example/nwaster/ListViewAdapter.java
 com.example.nwaster.ListViewAdapter
com/example/nwaster/databinding/FragmentListsBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.FragmentListsBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/ShoppingListFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.ShoppingListFragmentBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/NavMainBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.NavMainBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/FragmentMapLocationBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.FragmentMapLocationBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/ShoppingListProductsBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.ShoppingListProductsBinding
com/example/nwaster/ui/Lists/ListViewAdapter.java
 com.example.nwaster.ui.Lists.ListViewAdapter
com/example/nwaster/databinding/ListRowBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.ListRowBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/ActivityAddproductBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.ActivityAddproductBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/ShoppingListsBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.ShoppingListsBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/ListformBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.ListformBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/FragmentWarehouse2Binding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.FragmentWarehouse2Binding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/FragmentDietBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.FragmentDietBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/FragmentWarehouseBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.FragmentWarehouseBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/FragmentDiet2Binding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.FragmentDiet2Binding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/NavHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.NavHeaderBinding
com/example/nwaster/databinding/ActivityAddProductStockBinding.java
 com.example.nwaster.databinding.ActivityAddProductStockBinding
